here we are once again looking at the FZ
date this is the in-depth look at the
episode 8 to tank the bodywork
it's pretty cool after riding it it is
fast it's got a lot of mid-range nuts
are good at the top end but whatever
we've got the xj6 mirrors not the F said
one mirrors not a disappointment
you got the F said one brake caliper a
master cylinder I'm getting a bit
excited a master cylinder you got the
non adjustable suspension no adjustment
on these little puppies we've got the
gold spot calipers we've got the free
ten front discs we've got the xj6 front
wheel on air as you can tell we've got
the fz1 radiator but without the guards
on it
I think they should fit and you got the
new 800 engine zu cylinder head your
Babel I'm not sure if it's a brand new
crank cases because we haven't been on
the a more technical course yet because
this pup is fresh out of the box
you got the new black finished foot
rests very nice
they are wobbler to keep the vibration
down you got the little muffler
there is just the Catholic inverter in
that section just there and that's a lot
not sure if there's one inside there but
that little pup is going to be up
you got the twin pot exit
you got the black finished
rear passenger foot West with some
counterbalance weights on this popper to
keep the vibration down you've got the
FC one rear caliper ie our seats are one
every kind of man you got the FC one
rear swingarm you've got the known
adjustable suspension
all it is is spring that's your lot
restyled we design little boom pack
looks quite cute top of the tank you got
the little air scoop very nice took a
bit of air now counterbalance weights on
this side some reason so must be just up
the exhaust
tell me about the clocks new design
crops all you idiot lights are just
there neutral oil bring this led of
being one side the other which is
cheaper clubs don't thirteen mole now
it's a ten-pound with a fuel in it
there's only two bars left as usual so
this little puff is going to be first
step
swap the little picture